Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Six every touchdown.
- But who keeps track?
- It's on the computer.
Computer does everything. Every
stat gets converted into points.
I don't know. Sounds
kind of dumb. to be honest.
- I just wanna watch the game.
- You're afraid to lose 20 bucks.
You wanna bet. let's do it. Why
mess with all this extra stuff?
Trust me. it's fun.
He's no longer in a coma.
but he's unresponsive.
His condition is stable.
They're managing
his blood pressure.
But whether he will wake up...
and understand what's
going on around him...
there's no way of knowing.
That's unacceptable.
Gustavo. he's getting
very good care here.
There's very little even
the best hospitals could do.
Now...
might it be different
if he was in the care...
of some place like
Johns Hopkins. perhaps?
Or...
it could make no
difference at all.
But in the end...
In the end...
I can think of no better
judgment on this man.
Isn't this what he deserves?
I decide what he deserves.
No one else.
There she is.
Want some fresh OJ?
Mm. Good. Vitamin C.
It'll help you heal quicker.
I don't think it
works like that.
Huh? It might. You don't know.
I'm good.
Oh. I've also got leftover bacon
from my breakfast sandwich.
That's got definite
healing powers.
Okay. that I believe.
And I made coffee. put a
little cinnamon in it for flavor.
Just trying something different.
- You're up early.
- Yeah.
- Oh. did I wake you with the noise?
- No. No. not at all.
- I totally did. didn't I?
- No. I was getting up...
- Sorry. I got job interviews lined up.
- Eventually.
I wanted to get an early jump.
I'm starting south. office
manager interview...
in Polvadera. then I'm working
my way up north to Algodones.
I got a lot of ground to cover.
Jimmy. you know. you
can take some time off.
Nobody's gonna ding you for not
having a steady job right this minute.
Why wait?
I don't want unemployment
hanging over my head.
And we could use another
paycheck. and. uh...
Besides. this is
your office now.
- I don't wanna be a distraction.
- You're not a distraction.
That's right. because I'll
be out finding me a job.
Wish me luck.
Good luck.
- Oh. Thai or Mexican?
- Hmm?
I'm gonna pick up
dinner on the way back.
Oh. uh... Either. Your choice.
And what a choice it shall be.
Yeah. Okay. Jimmy.
wait. Are you...?
You're not going
to that meeting?
No. If there's anything important.
Howard knows how to find me.
It's just me.
Papa.
It's over.
You can keep that.
No one's coming for it.
Mijo.
And when is it over for you?
I'm working on it.
Huh.
You see there. that's
Alma. on the left is Ollie...
Mr. Neff's aunt and uncle.
They started this company
almost 50 years ago.
- Whoa. Look at that.
- Yeah.
And we think that other
fellow is Frank Corker.
One of the early repairmen.
They must've relied on him
a lot. That's a Thermo-Fax.
It needed a specially-coated paper to
get an image off one of those babies.
Oh. you know your stuff.
I worked in a mail room. so
I talked to a lot of repairmen.
- Heh. heh.
- A lot. They love talking shop.
Yes. They are a
lonely bunch. for sure.
This one was a real big seller
for Neff. really put us on the map.
That's a 6500 color
copier. That's a warhorse.
You ever see the guts of this beast?
It takes 15 seconds to get a printout.
- I worked with one back in Chicago.
- That machine was almost too good.
Counterfeiters used it
to make phony $5 bills.
- What? That's...
- Yeah.
- That's not right.
- Heh. heh.
Oh. look. You got a lot
of hardware over here.
Yes. Mr. Neff loves
sponsoring the kids.
- Bowling. that's fun.
- We had a pretty good run in the '90s...
but. uh. we don't find kids
much interested anymore.
Yeah. this generation is all
hacky sack and video games.
Ain't that the truth? Yeah.
Hummels.
Yes. Those were Alma's.
She loved collecting the
little things. God rest her soul.
- Yeah. I knew a lady. Same way.
- Hm.
Ah. touring the wall of crap. I see. I
need to drag that stuff to the Dumpster.
Haven't had a chance
to motivate myself.
- Mr. Neff. James McGill.
- Just "Jimmy" is fine.
Jimmy. Pleasure. Come
on down. have a seat.
Guessing Henry filled
you in on what we look for?
Oh. he did indeed. Um...
Office-to-office salesman...
willing to have multiple
doors slammed in my face...
with one mission:
Upgrade. upgrade. upgrade...
their old copiers to your
top-of-the-line new ones.
You think you have the chops?
- It's a lot harder than it sounds.
- I'd sure love a crack at it.
I'm told stubbornness
and persuasiveness...
- are my top qualities.
- Heh. heh.
I have to say. he knows
his way around a copier.
No kidding.
Well...
Says here you were a lawyer...
up until not that long ago.
What changed?
Well. you know why God made
snakes before he made lawyers?
- He needed the practice.
- Ha-ha-ha.
- Needed the practice.
- Yeah.
Right?
That's the only lawyer joke I
know because the others are true.
Look. I know you're looking for
somebody with sales experience...
and I don't have any.
Except... Except being a lawyer.
Look. being a lawyer.
my job was sales.
I was selling the judges. juries.
sometimes I was selling the clients...
to take the best deal from
a series of bad options.
But every hour of every
day. I was convincing...
persuading. I was selling.
I hear what you're saying.
We have a lot of high-ticket items
and a clientele primed to say no.
Well. my spirit animal is a Gila monster.
and once I latch on. I don't let go.
Ha-ha-ha. I like it. I like it.
Well. you make a lot of
excellent points. Jimmy.
I can see why Henry
wanted me to meet you.
- Thank you for coming down.
- Absolutely. Anytime.
We'll put our heads together.
have a decision in about a week.
- We'll let you know then.
- Thank you.
- You bet.
- Thanks. Great.
- Yes?
- I'm sorry. can I have another minute?
I'll be real quick.
Yeah. sure. Jimmy.
What's on your mind?
I know you're gonna take
time. consider your options...
but maybe we can
settle this right now.
There's a thing that we all
know called opportunity cost.
The time you spend looking for
someone is time I could be working for you.
And sure. there are salesmen out
there with way more experience than me.
What are the chances one will walk
through that door in the next week?
And is it worth the wait?
Maybe. Maybe.
But I can tell you this:
None of them will have the
connection to your machines that I do.
None.
I worked in the mail room.
I know how important
the copy machine is.
Deadlines. last-minute changes.
I was in there.
clearing paper jams.
I was cleaning ink
off gears and rollers...
trying to figure out where the
mystery streaks were coming from.
I was down on my
hands and knees...
with my tie over my shoulder
and ink-stained hands...
and a line of assistants out the door.
all worried they're gonna lose their job...
if they don't get their
document the next five minutes.
I know... I know
better than anyone...
that the copier. it's the
beating heart of any business.
It goes down. it causes
delays. that is lost money...
that is frustrated employees.
that's a negative work environment.
That's a business
on life support.
But you plug one of your new
machines into the system...
whoo. that is a healthy.
strong heartbeat.
That is a healthy business.
That is a successful business.
And that's what we're selling.
Um...
One minute.
I don't need to see anymore.
I mean. he's kind of exciting.
He's great. I mean. the
passion this gentleman has...
- Can you imagine sending that guy out?
- Yeah. Come on.
Jimmy.
Welcome to the team.
- Really?
- Damn right.
Congrats. We'll get you
set up with Audrey in HR...
fill out your paperwork. Hopefully.
you'll be all set by end of day.
- Heh. heh.
- So just like that. huh?
Why wait when we
can get you rolling?
You were gonna take some
time. consider your options...
but I just come in and did
that little song and dance...
and I'm in?
Yeah. Right. That's right.
- Are you out of your mind?
- Heh. heh.
You don't know me.
I just came in off the street.
You guys are like
a couple of cats.
I come in. wave a shiny object
around. you're like. "I want that."
- Heh. heh.
- No due diligence...
no background check.
No. "Just hire the guy that
says them fancy words."
I could be a serial killer. I could be
a guy who pees in your coffee pot.
I could be both.
- So you're not taking the job?
- No. I'm not taking the job.
Suckers.
I feel sorry for you.
Hello. Uh. I'm wondering.
are you still interviewing...
for the sales
associate position?
Great. I can be there
in. uh. 20 minutes.
James McGill.
Ellen. okay. Wonderful. Well.
thank you. Ellen. I'll see you soon.
Pop-Pop. look how high I can go.
Yeah. that's good.
You be careful.
You wanna do a couple more?
Yeah?
This is he.
Meet at what time?
Yeah. I can be there.
You let her know.
Yeah.
All right. baby.
Time to get you
back to your mama.
Five more minutes?
- Oh. honey. come on.
- Please?
Five minutes.
You're on the clock.
Thank you.
- Good afternoon.
- Yeah. Madrigal Electromotive?
Down the hall. the
Sandia Room on your left.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hm.
Oh. good.
Take a seat.
You didn't come all
this way just for me.
I frequently travel to
conference with distributors.
- Albuquerque is one of many stops.
- Hm.
Okay.
I'm just...
looking for an explanation.
You steal an employee's badge...
waltz through my warehouse.
interfere with operations...
and strong-arm
my facility manager.
Why?
I'm on your books as
a security consultant.
If I show my face in your warehouse.
it makes for a better cover story.
Anyone ever ask
if I was there. I was.
Plus. you had a few things that
needed correcting. so consider it a bonus.
That's not the point. This is
meant to be a paper transaction.
You sit at home and we pay you.
Your own money.
Doing what you did. the way you
did it. raises the threat of exposure.
The way I see it.
it lowers the threat.
Like I said. now there's a face to
the name that cashes the check.
So...
what's your plan. then?
Madrigal has eight
terminals in the Southwest.
One down. seven to go.
Uh-huh.
And...
if I asked you to reconsider?
I'd ask you to do the same.
At the moment. you
have Gus Fring's respect.
I'd want to keep
that if I were you.
Hello. Hi.
Sorry to interrupt.
Dr. Diseth...
this is Dr. Maureen Bruckner.
just arrived this morning.
- Nice to meet you. Hello.
- Dr. Bruckner.
Dr. Bruckner is visiting
from Johns Hopkins.
We're asking her to take the lead
with some of the more severe cases...
- including Mr. Salamanca.
- Johns Hopkins?
Yes. a generous grant came
through which allowed Dr. Bruckner...
- to lend us her expertise.
- Only temporarily.
I'm not here to
step on any toes.
Okay. I...
Our staff can help with the database
whenever you're ready to pull records...
but I'm available anytime
if you have any questions.
Thank you. Again. I
don't wanna step on toes.
- We can comanage care. if you like. we...
- No. no. Uh...
- He's all yours. Good luck.
- Thank you.
Okay. Um... Well. I
will let you get to it. then.
Let us know if there's anything
you need. anything at all.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Are you the family?
- Yes.
- Sons.
He's our uncle.
I want to let you know...
that your uncle has been getting
excellent care here at Lovelace.
But we're going to try
something a little different.
Look. when parts of the brain
are damaged by a stroke...
those parts. they
cannot be repaired.
Our job is to stimulate
your uncle's brain...
and teach it to rewire itself.
We are going to start
here with the legs.
When did they get here?
Mm...
Don't worry. We're
still running things.
Hello...
- Are you family as well?
- Friends of the family.
Okay.
As I was saying...
I'll return later with an
occupational therapist...
to begin some electrical
stimulus. In the meantime...
I'd ask that you
speak to Hector.
Chances are. on some
level. he can hear you.
The more you speak. the more
his brain will work to respond...
and find pathways to connect.
Okay? Good.
We'll do everything we
can to help your uncle.
Nice to meet you all.
Speak.
Don Hector.
Everything is good
out on the street.
All our men are keeping busy.
Real busy.
That's right. Don Hector.
We're staying on
top of the count.
It's all looking good.
We had a problem with that
shit gang over on Lomas. but...
we showed some muscle.
Took care of it.
No one wants to mess
with the Salamancas.
No one.
You look good. Don Hector.
Real good.
The doctors. they're
gonna fix you up.
Yes.
You're gonna get past this...
and be stronger than ever.
- Yes?
- It's me.
Can we meet?
- Now is not a good time.
- I'm in town.
I can easily meet
wherever's convenient.
Assume this is a secure line.
I spoke with your
security contractor.
I explained the situation again.
But he's going to keep
doing what he's doing.
I understand.
But what he's doing
makes no sense.
- Do his reasons matter?
- They do. if he's unreliable.
He is reliable.
So I'm just supposed to let him
keep stealing my employees' badges?
I don't know where
he'll turn up next...
what disruption he'll cause.
what mess I'll have to clean up.
This isn't something
I want to worry about.
Then I suggest you
give the man a badge.
Varga and Salamanca's man.
Colon. they came by in the afternoon.
Nephews were
in his room all day.
Bruckner saw him three times.
couple of specialists with her.
They took him for a brain scan
And?
That's everything. No change.
You want me back
at the hospital?
No.
Call Victor.
Have him meet us.
Just a few more.
I know Chuck was thorough...
but even I didn't think there was
gonna be this much paperwork.
Having worked with
him as long as I did...
I was actually pleasantly
surprised by his restraint.
This is the agreement for the
transfer of property. as discussed.
If you can initial here.
And right down here.
- Am I late?
- Kim. No. right on time.
We were just finishing up
Rebecca's side of things.
Hi. Rebecca.
It's nice to see you again
I'm sorry we didn't get a
chance to talk more at the service.
Oh. I don't think anyone
felt much like talking.
- Jimmy's not coming?
- I'm here on his behalf.
And that should do it.
I apologize for bringing us together
so soon after Chuck's service.
Um. it's really my fault.
Howard's being polite.
Thank you. Julie.
In any event. we thought
since Rebecca was still in town...
better to talk through
the estate in person.
Sure.
Chuck left the
house to Rebecca...
and as executor. I'll be
liquidating the property.
Howard suggested. and of course. I
agree. that it would be the right thing...
for Jimmy to go through whatever
survived and take whatever he wants.
- I mean. anything with sentimental value.
- We can set up a time.
The estate can provide a truck and
storage for anything he chooses to keep.
That's okay.
Jimmy doesn't want any of it.
You sure?
I think the garage is pretty intact.
except for some water damage.
He doesn't want it. Thank you.
Okay. I understand. Ahem.
Well. then...
as far as Jimmy's concerned...
all that's left is for him to
sign this agreement letter.
Once that's done. we can
disperse his share of the estate.
Let me guess. 4 thousand?
Five.
It's what you give when you cut someone
from a will and not have it contested.
Just enough money to show
the recipient wasn't forgotten.
Chuck also left a substantial endowment
for a scholarship for deserving youth.
I was hoping Jimmy would
agree to serve on the board.
I'll let him know.
What else?
Well...
Chuck left Jimmy
a personal letter.
His eyes only.
Howard. thank you for
everything that you've done.
I know it's been difficult.
It's hard on all of us.
Well. I don't wanna keep
you. Let me walk you out.
Actually. Howard. we have
a few more things to discuss.
Uh. Kim. please
give Jimmy my best.
I will.
It was very nice
seeing you. Rebecca.
You too.
- Safe travels.
- Hm.
- Kim.
- I just. uh...
I just...
had to know...
what were you thinking?
About?
When you came to Jimmy...
on the day of his brother's
funeral and laid that shit on him?
That Chuck killed himself?
What's wrong with you?
I thought...
Um...
I thought I owed it
to Jimmy to tell him.
Owed it to him?
Did you owe it to Rebecca?
You tell her your theory?
That Chuck intentionally
set himself on fire?
I guess not.
I guess you just saved
that one for Jimmy.
Kim. I didn't do
it to hurt Jimmy.
- You did it to make yourself feel better.
- That's not what I was...
To make yourself feel
better by unloading your guilt.
Who cares what it does to Jimmy.
as long as Howard Hamlin is okay.
- Kim. I don't think that's fair.
- Fair?
Let's talk about fair.
"Hey. let's let Jimmy dig
around the fire-damaged wreck...
where his brother
died screaming.
Let's let him pick up
a keepsake or two."
That is so. so fair!
And did I hear you right?
You want him to serve on the
board of a scholarship committee?
A scholarship that Chuck
never in a million years...
would've given to
Jimmy. Never! It is just...
I mean... Oh. what's this too.
huh. Howard? What's in this?
One last "screw you. little
brother" from beyond the grave?
I'm really supposed
to do this to him?
All right. Kim.
What can I do to make it better?
Nothing.
There is nothing you can do.
Just stay away.
Hey.
I hope you're hungry. I
bought way too much food.
Uh. yeah. I can always eat.
Counter or couch?
- Uh. couch is good.
- Couch it is.
If I remember correctly. in five minutes.
one of the classic movie channels...
is showing White Heat
without interruption.
The other is showing
Jaws 3 with commercials.
So a real Sophie's Choice.
- It is Jaws 3-D. to be exact.
- Ah.
But Cagney wins this one.
All right. Hey. I got
us. uh. Thai iced teas...
unless you want me to pour
you something less non-alcoholic.
No. I'm good with that.
So how was the job search?
Pretty good.
I got a couple leads.
Actually. I got an offer.
- Really?
- Yeah...
but. uh. didn't
feel quite right.
It was. uh...
It just wasn't a perfect fit.
But I think I might get a call
back on one or two of the others.
Wow. that's a
pretty good first day.
You know. somebody's
gonna be lucky to get you.
How was your day?
I just mostly stayed here.
trying to get organized.
No pressure from Paige and Kevin.
but I gotta get back on the horse. right?
You are right.
And. uh. movie's about to start.
So where is the remote?
I'm not available.
Leave a message.
Hey. it's me. Listen. I
got something for you.
It's a job.
I think you're really
gonna like this...
so call me.
We're taking six tonight.
What?
Six keys. It's what
the boss would want.
You're gonna back me up or what?
Yeah.
Where's the rest?
I only see five.
That was a one-time only.
Not the way we see it.
That's the way it is.
Salamancas get six.
We're not leaving without six.
Your boss isn't giving orders.
He can barely
even open his eyes.
I'm giving the orders.
Take the five or
leave with nothing.
Do you wanna go?
You heard him.
Six.
Put it away.
Do you really wanna do this?
Yeah. that's what I thought.
That's how you do it. We
had them pissing their pants.
I know what you've done.
The Salamancas...
they do not.
Do you understand
what I am saying?
Look at me.
From now on...
you are mine.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm